fix(docs): refine concepts page (#637)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/concepts.mdx

## What Is A Type?

> A **type** is a string. It should define a class of objects with similar characteristics.

Reviewer: Should `type` here be code font?

:::info

There are four relations in the document type configuration: `viewer`, `commenter`, `editor` and `owner`.

:::

[User](#what-is-a-user), relation and [object](#what-is-an-object) are the building blocks for [relationship tuples](#what-is-a-relationship-tuple).

> For more information, see [Direct Access](./modeling/direct-access.mdx).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For an example, see [Direct Access](./modeling/direct-access.mdx).
```

  }} skipVersion={true}
/>

> Relationship tuple writes with user `user:anne` or `user:3f7768e0-4fa7-4e93-8417-4da68ce1846c` may be written for objects with type `document` and relation `viewer`, so writing `{"user": "user:anne","relation":"viewer","object":"document:roadmap"}` succeeds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A relationship tuple with user `user:anne` or `user:3f7768e0-4fa7-4e93-8417-4da68ce1846c` may be written for objects with type `document` and relation `viewer`, so writing `{"user": "user:anne","relation":"viewer","object":"document:roadmap"}` succeeds.
```

> Relationship tuple writes with a disallowed user type for the `viewer` relation on objects of type `document` - for example `workspace:auth0` or `folder:planning#editor` - will be rejected, so writing `{"user": "folder:product","relation":"viewer","object":"document:roadmap"}` will fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Writing relationship tuples with a disallowed user type for the `viewer` relation on objects of type `document` - for example `workspace:auth0` or `folder:planning#editor` - will be rejected, so writing `{"user": "folder:product","relation":"viewer","object":"document:roadmap"}` will fail.
```
